PREVIOUSLY ON "WEEDS"...
Nancy:
CONRAD, THIS IS CELIA.
I FUCKED A BLACK MAN ‐‐
CONRAD.
WHERE'S CONRAD?
I'VE BEEN MEANING TO ASK.
IS "CONRAD" A POPULAR NAME
IN THE AFRICAN‐AMERICAN
COMMUNITY?
YOU DON'T GET IT.
THIS IS PRINCETON.
I CAN'T GET INTO PRINCETON.
I'M NOT DEAF.
DID YOU JUST SAY
WHAT I THINK YOU SAID?
MEGAN AND I BROKE UP, OKAY?
Andy: MY WHOLE LIFE'S
BEEN LEADING UP TO THIS,
TO HERE, TO THE RABBINATE.
ARE YOU LETTING ME IN?
PROVISIONALLY.
OOH!
YOU SHOULD RUN
FOR CITY COUNCIL.
DOUG WOULD LOSE HIS MIND.
I HAVE A DEAD PLANT
AND A CHECK FOR $80,000.
YOU NEED TO FIND
A GROW HOUSE.
WHERE IN THE HELL DID YOU GET
THAT KIND OF MONEY?
SANJAY BURNED
THE BAKERY DOWN.
WHAT DO YOU DO EXACTLY?
I'M A DEA AGENT.
DON'T EVER CALL ME
OR CONTACT ME AGAIN.
I KNOW
YOU'RE A DRUG DEALER.
♪♪ LITTLE BOXES ON THE HILLSIDE ♪♪
♪♪ LITTLE BOXES
MADE OF TICKY‐TACKY ♪♪
♪♪ LITTLE BOXES ON THE HILLSIDE ♪♪
♪♪ LITTLE BOXES ALL THE SAME ♪♪
♪♪ THERE'S A GREEN ONE
AND A PINK ONE ♪♪
♪♪ AND A BLUE ONE
AND A YELLOW ONE ♪♪
♪♪ AND THEY'RE ALL MADE
OUT OF TICKY‐TACKY ♪♪
♪♪ AND THEY ALL LOOK
JUST THE SAME ♪♪
♪♪ AH‐MMM ♪♪
♪♪ AND THEY ALL PLAY
ON THE GOLF COURSE ♪♪
♪♪ AND DRINK THEIR MARTINIS DRY ♪♪
♪♪ AND THEY ALL HAVE
PRETTY CHILDREN ♪♪
♪♪ AND THE CHILDREN
GO TO SCHOOL ♪♪
GO TO SUMMER CAMP ♪♪
♪♪ AND THEN TO THE UNIVERSITY ♪♪
♪♪ WHERE THEY ARE PUT IN BOXES ♪♪
♪♪ AND THEY ALL LOOK
JUST THE SAME ♪♪
♪♪ AH‐MMM ♪♪
[ SNIFFLES ]
[ COUGHING ]
I'M...
[ SOBS ]
...SO STUPID.
[ SNIFFLES ]
COME ON.
LET'S JUST ‐‐ LET'S TALK.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
THERE ARE ONLY 400 DEA AGENTS
IN THE ENTIRE WORLD.
Stupid.
AND IT'S OUR JOB TO GO AFTER
EVERY SINGLE DRUG DEALER.
So stupid.
CRYSTAL METH LABS
IN COLORADO,
HEROIN EXPORTERS
IN AFGHANISTAN,
COCAINE GROWERS
IN COLUMBIA.
So unbelievably
fucking stupid.
SO, WHEN I COME ACROSS
A SUBURBAN WIDOW
DEALING DIME BAGS
TO BORED HOUSEWIVES,
I LIKE TO FLATTER MYSELF
BY THINKING
THAT I HAVE MORE IMPORTANT
THINGS TO DO WITH MY TIME ‐‐
PROFESSIONALLY SPEAKING.
NO OFFENSE, NANCY,
BUT YOU'RE WAY BELOW MY RADAR ‐‐
SMALL POTATOES, TEENY, TINY FISH
IN THE DEEP NARCOTIC SEA.
SO, I'M THINKING,
IF YOU'RE WELL ENOUGH,
WE'LL GRAB A BITE TO EAT,
GET A NICE BOTTLE OF WINE,
TRY TO FIGURE
THIS WHOLE THING OUT.
YOU COULD BE TRYING
TO SET ME UP.
I'M NOT.
HOW DO I KNOW THAT?
YOU JUST HAVE TO TRUST ME.
TRUST YOU?
YOU'RE A DEA AGENT ‐‐
NATURAL ENEMIES.
WE'RE LIKE THAT STORY,
"THE SCORPION AND THE TURTLE."
"SCORPION AND THE FROG."
TURTLE.
TURTLES HAVE HARD SHELLS.
HOW CAN A SCORPION STING
THROUGH A HARD SHELL?
COULD STING HIM
IN THE NECK.
RIBBIT.
STOP BEING CUTE.
[ SIGHS ]
HOW LONG HAVE YOU KNOWN?
AFTER WE FIRST MET,
WHEN YOU BLEW ME OFF,
I SORT OF SNOOPED
INTO YOUR LIFE.
SORRY.
WASN'T HARD TO FIGURE OUT.
IT IS MY JOB, AFTER ALL.
ARE YOU WEARING A WIRE?
HOW DO I CHECK FOR A WIRE?
Oh, God, I love your chest.
OH, GOD, I'M COMPLETELY
FREAKING OUT.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
MMM, I LOVE THIS WINE.
DON'T YOU LOVE THIS WINE?
YOU'RE ADORABLE
WHEN YOU'RE LOOPED.
I'M NOT LOOPED.
[ BURPS ]
THE ALCOHOL FLUSHES ME ‐‐
GIVES A NATURAL BLUSH.
ALL GIRLS LOOK BETTER
WITH BLUSH.
AT LEAST THAT'S WHAT
MY SISTER TOLD ME.
JILL?
YOU'RE GOOD.
OKAY.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
LET'S SAY I QUIT ‐‐
QUIT EVERYTHING
AND GOT A JOB AT NORDSTROM'S.
WOULD YOU LET ME GO?
I DON'T WANT
TO LET YOU GO.
CAN'T YOU JUST PRETEND
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT I DO?
YEAH, I COULD.
NO, YOU COULDN'T,
SCORPION.
WHAT IF THIS IS JUST ALL AN ACT
YOU PUT ON TO NAIL DEALERS?
TAKE THEM TO DINNER
AND PROFESS MY LOVE?
THAT'S HOW I TOOK DOWN
THE SANTIAGO BROTHERS.
STILL, NO WAY I CAN TRUST YOU
EVER ‐‐ NEVER, EVER.
NEVER SAY NEVER.
I HAVE HAD A LITTLE TIME
TO THINK THIS OUT.
AND?
I'M A MAN WITH A PLAN.
A MAN, A PLAN,
A CANAL, PANAMA.
HUH?
IT'S A PALINDROME.
IT'S THE SAME BACKWARDS
AS FORWARDS,
LIKE "MADAM, I'M ADAM."
WE GOING TO PANAMA?
WE'RE GONNA MAKE THIS WORK.
RISE AND SHINE,
LITTLE GIRL!
WHAT?
[ SIGHS ]
SCHOOL'S NOT TILL 8:00.
YES, BUT BOOT CAMP
IS AT 6:00.
BOOT CAMP?
YEAH.
YOU DON'T WANT TO BE
THE FATTEST GIRL
AT FAT CAMP THIS SUMMER,
DO YOU?
[ Heavy Latin accent ]
OKAY, YOU GUYS, WE BEGIN NOW!
FEEL IT IN THE CHEST!
LEFT ARM PULL ‐‐
FEEL IT IN THE BACK!
YEAH, I'M GONNA BE
IN THE CAR.
OKAY, OKAY!
HERE WE GO! JUMP!
UNO, DOS, THREE, FOUR...
DO YOU WANT TO JOIN US?
ME?
YES, YOU.
NO, IT'S NOT FOR ME.
IT'S FOR MY DAUGHTER.
I HAVE A TAPE
THAT I DO AT HOME.
NO LOOKY LOOS,
JUST DOO‐Y DOOS.
YES, WELL,
I'VE ONLY PAID FOR HER,
SO GO AND DO YOUR STUFF.
MUY BIEN.
I SEEN YOUR POSTERS.
WHAT?
YOU KNOW, THE...CAMPAÑA?
MY CAMPAIGN POSTERS?
YES!
AND TO BE WINNER,
YOU MUST BE THINNER.
OKAY, YOU KNOW,
I DON'T HAVE TIME FOR THIS,
AND, AT $40 AN HOUR,
NEITHER DO YOU.
TALK TO THE MUSCLES!
YEAH, FUCK MY MUSCLES.
YOU'LL LIVE TO BE 110 YEARS OLD.
I'M 75, AND I LOOK 21!
I JUST HAD THIS OUTFIT
DRY‐CLEANED.
YOU OKAY, MOM?
YEAH, I'M FINE.
[ GRUNTS ]
HE BULLIED ME INTO THIS.
NOT RICARDO'S FAULT.
I WENT THROUGH CHEMO.
OH, I WENT
THROUGH CHEMO.
OH, ME TOO.
YEAH?
WELL, I HAD RADIATION.
I HAD RADIATION.
SO DID I.
PLUS, I'M LOW BLOOD SUGAR.
TYPE 1 DIABETES.
TYPE 2 FOR ME.
OH, FUCK YOU BOTH.
SWEETHEART, DON'T WORRY.
YOUR MOM'S GONNA BE JUST FINE.
PLEASE.
THAT BITCH WILL OUTLIVE US ALL.
I HEARD THAT.
GOOD.
ALL RIGHT. PIP, PIP!
WE'RE HERE TO EXERCISE!
WE'RE NOT HERE TO STAND AROUND!
COME ON!
[ BELL DINGS ]
Man: Ladies and gentlemen,
this is your captain speaking.
We're encountering
some turbulence,
so I'd like to have you
return to your seats
and fasten your seat belts.
Thank you.
[ ALL TALKING IN HEBREW ]
BEREISHIT BARA ELOHIM,
ET HASHAMAIM...
V'ET HA'ARETZ.
BEREISHIT BARA ELOHIM,
ET HASHAMAIM...
V'ET HA'ARETZ.
HEY, SHALOM.
HEY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
UH...
I'M DOING AN ARTICLE
FOR THE SCHOOL PAPER.
YOU MIND ANSWERING
A FEW QUESTIONS?
WE DON'T HAVE
A SCHOOL PAPER.
NO, IT'S MORE
OF A PROTOTYPE, REALLY.
ANYWAY, YOU MARRIED, DATING,
LIVING IN SIN?
NOT SINCE MY LOVER
WAS KILLED.
DEAD LOVER, YOU SAY?
HE WAS MY COMMANDING OFFICER
IN THE ISRAELI ARMY.
FUCKING HAMAS SUICIDE BOMBER
PIECE OF SHIT
BLEW HIM UP
IN A PIZZA PARLOR.
THAT IS SO AWFUL.
THE WHOLE MIDDLE EAST THING ‐‐
I MEAN, WHY?
ANYWAY, SINCE HUNTING DOWN
ZEV'S MURDERERS,
I'VE SORT OF BEEN CONCENTRATING
ON MY STUDIES.
WELL, GRIEF TAKES US
STRANGE PLACES.
YOU'VE LOST SOMEONE
CLOSE TO YOU, AS WELL?
UH, MY ‐‐ MY BROTHER JUDAH
DROPPED DEAD
WHILE JOGGING
WITH HIS YOUNG SON.
WE WERE REALLY CLOSE.
WE WERE LIKE BROTHERS.
JUDAH ‐‐
IT'S A BEAUTIFUL NAME.
MEANS "THE PRAISED ONE."
WHAT'S THE STORY
BEHIND "YAEL"?
IT'S FROM THE BOOK
OF JUDGES.
YAEL INVITES A LEADER
OF THE ENEMY ARMY INTO HER TENT,
GIVES HIM MILK TO DRINK.
WHEN HE FALLS ASLEEP,
SHE HAMMERS A TENT STAKE
THROUGH HIS COCK.
I LOVE JUDGES.
GUESS MY PARENTS EXPECTED
BIG THINGS FROM ME.
HOW ABOUT I TAKE YOU
OUT TO DINNER?
NO MILK ‐‐ WINE, MAYBE,
TO SAY THANKS
FOR EVERYTHING YOU'VE DONE?
I HAVE A POLICY
NEVER TO DATE STUDENTS.
JUST COMMANDING OFFICERS, HUH?
I WAS FOLLOWING ORDERS.
COME ON.
I JUST...
NO, I JUST WANT
TO SAY THANKS
FOR SAVING ME
FROM BEING A VICTIM
OF A ROADSIDE BOMB
IN DOWNTOWN BAGHDAD.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ Sighing ] OKAY.
FINE.
ALL RIGHT.
[ SCHOOL BELL RINGS ]
♪♪ BA BA BA BA ♪♪
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
Nancy: HI, EVERYONE.
SORRY I'M LATE.
ROUGH DAY
AT THE OFFICE, DEAR?
I HAD SOME STUFF
TO TAKE CARE OF.
"STUFF"?
WHAT KIND OF STUFF?
WHAT DO YOU DO
NOW THAT THE BAKERY'S GONE?
I'M LOOKING FOR A SMALL BUSINESS
TO INVEST IN.
I LOOK.
TODAY, I LOOKED.
I MAY LOOK AGAIN TOMORROW.
YOU MAKE THIS BIG DEAL
ABOUT FAMILY DINNER,
AND THEN YOU SHOW UP LATE
AFTER DISAPPEARING ALL DAY.
YEAH? WELL, I'M HERE NOW,
SO GIVE ME A BREAK.
DO WE HAVE ANY ASPIRIN?
HMM.
TOO MANY ASPIRIN
CAN GIVE YOU BLEEDING ULCERS.
THANKS FOR THE TIP,
SHANE.
WHAT'S FOR DINNER?
UH, LAMB AND COUSCOUS
AND RATATOUILLE.
WHY DON'T YOU
PULL UP A SEAT?
[ PIPES RATTLE ]
GODDAMN PLUMBING.
THIS HOUSE IS BUILT LIKE CRAP.
IT'S GONNA COST ME A FORTUNE.
SO, HOW IS EVERYONE TODAY?
Shane: OKAY.
OKAY.
BESEDER.
THAT'S "OKAY" IN HEBREW.
HOW WAS YOUR DAY, NANCY?
OKAY.
IT WAS OKAY.
♪♪ OOH‐AHH, OOH‐AHH ♪♪
I FUCKING MISS YOU.
I MISS YOU, TOO.
ARE YOU READY TO STOP
BEING AN ASSHOLE?
IF WE ONLY HAVE
A FEW MONTHS TOGETHER,
I WANT TO MAKE THEM COUNT...
REALLY COUNT.
I WANT US BOTH
TO REMEMBER THIS TIME
FOR THE REST OF OUR LIVES...
STARTING NOW.
♪♪ ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR ♪♪
♪♪ HEY, LITTLE MONKEY,
AREN'T YOU SMILING TODAY? ♪♪
♪♪ HOW 'BOUT A BEE‐BOP‐A‐LOO‐PAH
TUNE TO FEEL OKAY? ♪♪
♪♪ 'CAUSE I LOVE YOU
IN THE MORNING, ♪♪
♪♪ AND I LOVE YOU AT NIGHT ♪♪
♪♪ YOU FILL MY STARRY SKIES,
YOU MAKE MY SUN SHINE BRIGHT ♪♪
♪♪ COME ON AND ROCK 'N' ROLL ♪♪
♪♪ WE'RE GONNA FEEL REAL GOOD ♪♪
♪♪ WE'RE GONNA DANCE AND
A‐GIGGLE, A BIT OF A WIGGLE ♪♪
♪♪ CAN MAKE YOU FEEL HAPPY
LIKE YOU KNOW YOU SHOULD ♪♪
♪♪ YEAH, YEAH ♪♪
YEAH!
MONKEY!
HEY!
YEAH!
FUCKING PIPES.
ANYWAY, SOMEONE'S BEEN
FLUSHING SOCKS DOWN YOUR PIPES.
SOCKS?
WHAT KIND OF SOCKS?
TUBE SOCKS ‐‐
THE ONES WITH THE STRIPES.
YOU HAVE A SON, SAY,
AROUND 11 OR 12 YEARS OLD?
HE'S PROBABLY FLUSHING
HIS JERK SOCKS.
JERK SOCKS?
HE MAKE THE MAN SALSA
IN THE SOCK, THEN FLUSH.
I NEVER WENT THROUGH THIS
WITH SILAS.
SILAS USED T‐SHIRTS
AND THEN HIDE THEM
IN THE BOTTOM OF THE LAUNDRY.
YOU OR YOUR HUSBAND
OUGHT TO TALK TO HIM.
OTHERWISE, I'LL BE BACK HERE
IN A COUPLE DAYS
TO SNAKE OUT YOUR PIPES
ALL OVER AGAIN.
THANKS.
ME OR MY HUSBAND.
AYE, IF ONLY SHANE
HAD STARTED WHACKING
WHEN MR. JUDAH
WAS ALIVE.
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
♪♪ BA BA BA BA ♪♪
SO, WHAT WAS IT
YOU WANTED TO TALK ABOUT?
YOU KNOW HOW THE...
PLUMBING'S BEEN SCREWED UP
THE LAST FEW DAYS?
YEAH.
TURNS OUT, UH,
SOMEONE'S BEEN...
FLUSHING THEIR SOCKS
DOWN THE TOILET.
SOCKS?
SOCKS.
OH.
ANY IDEA
WHO MIGHT BE DOING THAT?
LUPITA?
WHY WOULD LUPITA
FLUSH HER SOCKS?
'CAUSE SHE'S TOO LAZY
TO WASH THEM?
SHANE, H‐HAVE YOU BEEN
FLUSHING YOUR S‐SOCKS?
NO.
IT'S ‐‐ IT'S OKAY
IF YOU HAVE.
I HAVEN'T!
SHANE, HAVE YOU NOTICED
ANY CHANGES
IN YOUR BODY RECENTLY?
WHAT KIND OF CHANGES?
YOU KNOW, CHANGES.
I'M GETTING TALLER.
NO...
DOWN‐THERE CHANGES.
DOWN THERE?
WITH YOUR PENIS, SHANE.
HAVE YOU NOTICED ANY CHANGES
WITH YOUR PENIS?
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH MY PENIS?
NOTHING. THAT'S JUST IT.
IT'S PERFECTLY NATURAL.
WHAT'S PERFECTLY NATURAL?
STUFF THAT, UH, COMES OUT
WHEN YOU RUB IT.
I HAVE TO GO TO SCHOOL.
GO.
TALK TO SHANE
ABOUT JERKING OFF.
I'M ALL OVER IT.
WHAT AM I LOOKING AT?
GATED COMMUNITY,
NO COPS DRIVING BY,
NONDESCRIPT EXTERIOR,
DECENT SQUARE FOOTAGE,
ACCESS TO POWER LINES.
AND WE TRUST THE LANDLORD?
WE TRUST HIM
TO STAY FAR AWAY.
MR. AVAKIAN'S BEEN A CLIENT
OF MINE FOR YEARS ‐‐
RETIRED TO ARIZONA.
AS LONG AS WE PAY RENT
ON TIME
AND SWEAR WE'RE NOT TURKISH,
WE ARE GOLDEN.
NOT TURKISH?
ARMENIANS HATE TURKS ‐‐
SOME ARMENIAN GENOCIDE THING
OR SOMETHING.
JUST NEVER ORDER TURKISH COFFEE
IN AN ARMENIAN RESTAURANT.
THEY WILL FUCKING
TAKE YOUR HEAD OFF.
THAT'S A GREAT TIP,
CONSIDERING ALL THE FINE
ARMENIAN DINING I DO.
DON'T KNOCK IT.
A NICE BASTURMA SANDWICH,
SOME FATOUSH SALAD ‐‐
IT'S NOTHING TO SNEER AT.
MAN, YOU BE EATING
SOME WEIRD SHIT.
I HEARD YOU GUYS
AREN'T ADVENTUROUS EATERS.
NOW, THAT'S JUST NOT TRUE.
REAL MEN EAT THE SUSHI.
OKAY, I DON'T NEED TO BE
A PART OF THIS CONVERSATION.
I JUST AIN'T EATING NOTHING
CALLED "FAT‐TUSH."
I'M SURE
YOU'VE HAD FAT TUSH BEFORE.
NO. SEE?
ANOTHER STEREOTYPE ‐‐ BAM.
WAIT, WAIT.
I KNOW THERE'S A JOKE HERE.
ENOUGH!
CALL MR. AVAKIAN.
TELL HIM WE'LL TAKE THE HOUSE.
IT'S REALLY HAPPENING.
IT SURE IS.
I FEEL GOOD.
I'M NOT SCARED.
IT DON'T MAKE SENSE NOT TO BE
JUST A LITTLE SCARED.
WELL, I'M NOT ‐‐
NOT EVEN A LITTLE.
BABY, DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT THE EVIL EYE?
YOU NEED TO STOP TALKING
LIKE THAT.
GOOD, GOOD.
GOOD, GOOD, GOOD.
AVAKIAN WANTS TO KNOW
IF HE HAS TO PAINT.
NEGATIVE ON THE PAINT.
[ CELLPHONE CLICKS OFF ]
IT'S OURS.
ALL RIGHT,
LISTEN UP, PEOPLE.
NOW THAT WE STEPPING UP,
WE GOT TO WATCH OUR SHIT.
GROW HOUSES GET BUSTED FOR
GIRLFRIENDS WHO WANT REVENGE,
EX‐WIVES WHO DON'T GET
THEIR ALIMONY CHECK.
IT'S FUCKED‐UP PERSONAL SHIT
THAT WILL GET YOU POPPED
EVERY TIME.
SO, WE TELL NO ONE
ABOUT THIS PLACE.
WE CLEAR?
SORRY I'M LATE.
WHAT'D I MISS?
UH, CONRAD JUST SAID
SOMETHING.
CONRAD.
HERE.
WHAT'S THIS?
FILING PAPERS
FOR MY CAMPAIGN.
NOTARIZE THEM.
SEND THEM IN.
CHARGE IT TO THE OFFICE
FedEx ACCOUNT.
SAVE EVERYONE A FEW BUCKS.
YEAH.
Sure.
YOU'RE THE CONRAD
WHO FUCKED MY WIFE.
Oh, terrific.
UM...
LOOK, MAN,
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY.
I...
ALL RIGHT,
YOU KNOW WHAT?
NO, NO. FAIR IS FAIR.
FAIR IS FAIR.
YOU GET ONE FREE SHOT.
WAIT.
I NEED TIME TO PLAN.
WHAT THE FUCK?
YO, AIN'T NO PLANNING.
YOU HIT ME NOW,
OR THE OFFER'S OFF THE TABLE.
I'VE NEVER HIT A MAN BEFORE.
AND I'M NOT GOOD
UNDER PRESSURE.
YOU HAVE TO LET ME
TAKE A RAIN CHECK.
YOU'RE TAKING PUSSY
TO A WHOLE NEW LEVEL RIGHT NOW.
PLEASE?
YOU DID BANG MY WIFE.
FINE.
JUST NO SUCKER PUNCHES
TO THE STOMACH.
THAT'S HOW HOUDINI DIED,
AND I AIN'T GOING OUT LIKE THAT.
I'M SURROUNDED
BY THE FUCKING LOST BOYS.
JESUS.
Andy: ALL RIGHT.
LISTEN CLOSELY.
I'M NOT GONNA BEAT
AROUND THE BUSH.
[ LAUGHS ]
YOUR LITTLE BODY'S CHANGING.
IT'S ALL GOOD, BELIEVE ME.
THE PROBLEM NOW IS,
EVERY TIME WE JERK THE GHERKIN,
WE END UP WITH A LOT
OF UNWANTED, STICKY, WHITE STUFF
EVERYWHERE, RIGHT?
RIGHT.
SO, FIRST ORDER OF BUSINESS ‐‐
NO MORE SOCKS.
THEY'RE EXPENSIVE, GUMMING UP
THE WORKS PLUMBING‐WISE.
NOW, YOU MIGHT BE
THINKING TO YOURSELF,
"BUT, UNCLE ANDY, WHAT DO I DO
WITH ALL OF THAT PEARL JAM
IF I CAN'T SPEW IT
INTO MR. SOCK?"
GLAD YOU ASKED.
YOU CAN HAVE A LOVELY TIME
TUGGING THE TIGER
IN THE SHOWER EACH MORNING.
THAT ELIMINATES THE NEED
FOR A GOO GLOVE.
BUT THE DAY IS LONG.
MASTURBATION'S FUN.
SO, UNLESS WE WANT TO TAKE FOUR
OR FIVE SHOWERS EVERY DAY,
WE'RE GONNA NEED
OTHER OPTIONS.
SO, LET'S START
WITH THE BASICS.
TISSUES ‐‐
PERFECTLY ACCEPTABLE BACKSTOP
FOR ALL THAT CREAMY ITALIAN.
THEY CAN BE ROUGH AND DRY
ON SUCH SOFT, SENSITIVE SKIN,
NOT TO MENTION THEY CAN STICK
TO YOUR DICK HEAD
LIKE A FUCKING BAND‐AID ‐‐
OUCH.
FROM THERE, WE MOVE ON
TO MORE LUBRICATED
FLAK CATCHERS,
SPECIFICALLY BANANAS.
STEP ONE,
PEEL THE BANANA.
STEP TWO ‐‐ SLIP THE PEEL
OVER YOUR RANDY JOHNSON,
START PITCHING.
NOW, FOR EXTRA CREDIT,
WARM UP THE PEEL
IN THE MICROWAVE.
NOT TOO HOT ‐‐
SERIOUS YOW‐SA.
ALSO ‐‐ OLIVE OIL, MOISTURIZER,
HONEY, SPIT, BUTTER,
HAIR CONDITIONER, AND VASELINE
CAN ALL BE USED FOR LUBE.
IN MY OPINION,
THE BEST LUBE IS LUBE.
SO, SAVE YOUR ALLOWANCE.
INVEST IN SOME SOON.
ALL RIGHT, MOVING ON.
WHEN YOU TUG YOUR THOMAS
ON THE TOILET, "PTU!"
SHOOT RIGHT INTO THE BOWL.
IN BED, A SOFT T‐SHIRT,
PERHAPS A DOWNY HAND TOWEL
OF YOUR VERY OWN
THAT YOU DON'T MIND TOSSING
AFTER TOSSING.
THERE'S NO SUCH THING
AS POLISHING THE RAISED SCEPTER
OF LOVE TOO MUCH.
IT REDUCES STRESS.
IT ENHANCES IMMUNE FUNCTION.
ALSO, PRACTICE MAKES PERFECT.
SO WORK ON YOUR CONTROL NOW,
WHILE YOU'RE A SOLO ARTIST.
YOU'LL BE PLAYING SOME LONG,
HAPPY DUETS IN THE FUTURE.
ALL RIGHT,
CLASS DISMISSED.
HEY.
HOMEWORK.
STILL USING
THAT ANTIBACTERIAL SOAP?
IT'S GOOD FOR THE BABY.
FUCKS UP
THE BABY'S IMMUNITIES.
IT DON'T FUCK UP
THE BABY IMMUNITIES.
GIRL, THAT CHILD NEEDS
TO GET GERMS AND BACTERIA
SO HE CAN FIGHT THEM OFF
AND DEVELOP ANTIBODIES.
KEEP KILLING EVERYTHING
AROUND HIM,
AND HIS IMMUNE SYSTEM'S
GONNA BE FOR SHIT.
WIND UP LIVING
IN A FUCKING BUBBLE.
ACTUALLY, SHE'S RIGHT.
OVERUSE OF ANTIBACTERIALS
CAN LEAD TO ‐‐
IS THAT YOUR BABY?
STAY OUT OF THIS.
YEAH, STAY OUT OF IT.
I GOT THIS.
TRYING TO TURN MY GRANDBABY
INTO A BUBBLE BOY,
AND I AIN'T HAVING IT.
OOH! LORD! IT'S HIM!
QUICK!
GET RID OF THAT WEED!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
THE PRINCE OF PIES.
GLORY!
WHAT?
IT'S HIM! HE'S HERE.
I SAID, GET RID OF IT!
TIME TO MELT, SNOWFLAKE.
WHAT?
ALL RIGHT.
OH, SHIT ‐‐ THE MONEY.
OOH!
[ LAUGHS ]
GOOD AFTERNOON.
HI, I'M NANCY.
OKAY.
I BROUGHT
YOUR BEAN PIES, HEYLIA.
[ Chuckling ]
OH, JOSEPH.
AREN'T YOU LOVELY?
[ LAUGHS ]
I'VE NEVER HAD A BEAN PIE.
MMM, LUCKY YOU.
SO, UH, HOW MUCH
DO I OWE YOU?
THAT'LL BE $24.
DO YOU HAVE ANY MORE?
I'LL BUY ONE.
I'M OUT.
[ CHUCKLES ]
BEST BE GOING NOW.
MMM.
YOU KNOW, I WAS JUST ABOUT
TO TAKE MY EXERCISE,
SO WHY DON'T I
WALK NEXT DOOR WITH YOU?
THAT WOULD BE LOVELY.
[ GIGGLES ]
NICE MEETING YOU, JOSEPH.
OKAY.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
WHAT WAS THAT ABOUT?
THAT WAS ABOUT THE MOUNTAIN
COMING TO MOHAMMED.
HE BARELY ACKNOWLEDGED
MY PRESENCE.
YOU THE WHITE DEVIL, GIRL.
HE'S THE NATION OF ISLAM.
Y'ALL TWO AIN'T NEVER
HAVING COFFEE.
NOW, DO ME A FAVOR.
PLEASE TAKE SOME OF THESE
FUCKING LOVE PIES WITH YOU.
WHAT'S IN A BEAN PIE,
ANYWAY?
GROUND‐UP WHITE BABIES
AND NUTMEG.
MMM.
MY FAVORITE.
MM‐HMM.
[ BEN LEE'S "GAMBLE EVERYTHING
FOR LOVE" PLAYS ]
♪♪ GAMBLE EVERYTHING FOR LOVE,
GAMBLE EVERYTHING ♪♪
♪♪ PUT IT IN A PLACE
YOU KEEP WHAT YOU NEED ♪♪
SILAS!
♪♪ YOU GONNA BE ALL RIGHT ♪♪
[ GIGGLES ]
♪♪ ALL RIGHT ♪♪
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
PULLED A MUSCLE IN MY COOZE
IN BOOT CAMP.
ALL RIGHT?
HAPPY YOU ASKED?
SO, WHAT BRINGS YOU BY,
CELIA?
I KNOW THAT YOU'RE DEPRESSED.
I'M HERE FOR YOU.
ME?
I AM HERE
TO PULL YOU OUT OF IT.
I'M NOT DEPRESSED.
BULLSHIT.
YOUR BUSINESS BURNED DOWN.
KIDS ‐‐ BUSY WITH LIVES
OF THEIR OWN.
BROTHER‐IN‐LAW FEEDS OFF OF YOU
LIKE A PARASITE.
YOU HAVEN'T BEEN LAID
IN GOD KNOWS HOW LONG.
AND YOU HAVEN'T BEEN TO PTA
IN OVER A MONTH.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M FINE, CELIA.
WHAT DO YOU DO ALL DAY?
THINGS.
WHAT THINGS?
OKAY, YOU DIDN'T HOBBLE
OVER HERE WITH YOUR ACHY VAGINA
JUST TO CHASE MY BLUES AWAY.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
PLEASE WORK
ON MY CAMPAIGN.
PLEASE!
DOUG IS A TURD.
PAM IS AN IDIOT.
YOU'D JUST KEEP ME COMPANY.
I DON'T EVEN CARE
WHO YOU VOTE FOR.
I HAVE A BROKEN CROTCH.
YOU NEED TO GET OUT
OF THE HOUSE.
IT'S A WIN‐WIN.
PLEASE.
I...
JUST SAY "YES."
YOU KNOW IF YOU DON'T,
I'LL NEVER STOP HARASSING YOU.
FINE.
HI, MRS. HODES.
HELLO, SHANE.
HOW DO YOU GET YOUR KIDS
TO EAT FRUIT?
SHANE'S BEEN ON THIS WHOLE
BANANA KICK LATELY.
MAYBE HE NEEDS POTASSIUM.
I DON'T KNOW.
HMM, WELL...
I'M GONNA GO HOME
AND ICE MY BEAVER.
SEE YOU NEXT TUESDAY.
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
[ BEEPS ]
HELLO?
Peter: Hey, there.
JUST THINKING ABOUT WHERE WE
WERE LESS THAN 24 HOURS AGO.
[ BELL DINGS ]
Man: Ladies and gentlemen,
this is your captain speaking.
We're encountering
some turbulence,
so I'd like to have you
return to your seats
and fasten your seat belts.
Thank you.
WE'LL GET YOU SOMETHING TO WEAR
WHEN WE LAND.
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
AND NO ONE BUT US
HAS TO KNOW ABOUT THIS.
OUR SECRET.
STRICTLY BUSINESS.
AND THIS MEANS THEY CAN'T
MAKE YOU TESTIFY AGAINST ME?
THEY CANNOT MAKE ME
TESTIFY AGAINST YOU.
AND I GET TO HANG ON
TO THE CERTIFICATE.
THE CERTIFICATE IS ALL YOURS,
TO DO WITH IT WHAT YOU WILL.
ANYTHING ELSE?
I NEED TO BE HOME IN TIME
FOR THE FAMILY DINNER.
HOWDY, PEOPLE.
Y'ALL ARE GATHERED HERE TODAY
TO JOIN THESE TWO HOUND DOGS
IN HOLY MATRIMONY!
DO YOU TRUST ME NOW?
WHEN YOU DID THIS
WITH THE SANTIAGO BROTHERS,
DID THEY WEAR WHITE?
[ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS ]
♪♪ OH, WE HEAR
CHURCH PEOPLE SAY ♪♪
♪♪ THEY ARE IN THIS HOLY WAY ♪♪
♪♪ THERE ARE STRANGE THINGS
HAPPENING EVERY DAY ♪♪
♪♪ ON THAT LAST GREAT
JUDGMENT DAY ♪♪
♪♪ WHEN THEY DRIVE THEM ALL
AWAY ♪♪
♪♪ THERE ARE STRANGE THINGS
HAPPENING EVERY DAY ♪♪
♪♪ EVERY DAY ♪♪
♪♪ THERE ARE STRANGE THINGS
HAPPENING EVERY DAY ♪♪
‐‐ Captions by VITAC ‐‐
www.vitac.com